# Superstitions Put to Steel

## Completed 

The four were able to pull themselves out of the rushing river, where they finally were able to take a breath. [[Enokaga Aritomi|Enokaga]] revealed to them that they had been captured for nearly half a year, given they were in the North Eastern part of [[Ikcho]]. Not wanting to stay any longer than they had to, the party made their way to a roadside inn after a long day of traveling. The inn keeper was hesitant to let them in given it was the night of [[Veylfall]], a night every quarter of the year where it is believed the more monstrous parts of the world become braver and more viscous. They eventually convinced him and they were let in and got some rest. The innkeeper mentioned his son hadn’t come back and the party offered to find him. Overjoyed, the innkeeper gave [[Wahlen]] a good luck charm of [[Levin]] and said his son wore its twin. They then set off to find his son at a sacrificial area known as [[Bloodshore Rock]]. With [[Hera]]’s arrival coming just before they left, the group set off to [[Bloodshore Rock]] and found nearly fifty feral [[Abhuman|Abhumans]] along with a man dressed in red silk robes and a fox max with a tied and gagged man in tow. As he chanted, the party intervened, cutting through the mass amount of bodies until [[Rui]] was able to kill the man revealing it was the innkeeper's son. [[Wahlen]] then grabbed the man's blade causing a vision and a surge of power in the party. Right after this happened, the [[Taor]] ruins lit up with a guardian moving towards them to which they fled, going back to the inn. Along the way, they met a noble house at arms, [[House Liotus]], finishing off the [[Abhuman|Abhumans]] that escaped the party’s wrath. They got a ride from them to the inn where they discovered the innkeeper holed up in his room with dozens upon dozens of tiny holes each containing a small worm that made up the food they had eaten. The innkeeper said that his name did not matter and that he was now something called [[Legion]]. [[Legion]] claimed that the time of the [[Yokai]] has been forgotten, and they will have their due. [[Ceol]] then killed him in a burning blaze and ensuring that every worm inside them was killed.