---
icon: LiBook
---
## Completed

As the party has joined [[House Liotus]] heading Northward, winter draws ever closer. They are still a minimum of a three month travel from the border without weather delays. 

As winter came full force to the traveling caravan, they were significantly slowed down. As time went on, more and more people started going missing from the caravan until the remnants of the group were encountered by a small group of [[Yokai]]. The party vanquished them leaving them as the only survivors of the caravan. On the [[Yokai]] were simple instructions. "Bring me [[Wahlen]] and [[Ceol]], signed, your lord."

They then went to [[House Aclassi]]'s estate where [[Serai]] asked [[Hera]] to attend a meeting in [[Iron Blossom Keep]] to see why her father was invited. Now they travel, hopefully to avoid the oncoming battle which could possibly start the first declaration of war after [[Ulone]]’s death. 

As they arrived, [[Hera]] was greeted by [[Ganra Dokugan]], showing her what [[Hera]]’s father was participating in. His creations were gemstones fused with pieces of the once thought indestructible [[Taor]] ruins allowing the non magically inclined to cast spells with seemingly no limit. After showing his work, [[Hera]] and [[Ganra Dokugan|Ganra]] made their way to the summit between [[Yatari]] and [[Ikcho]]. Throughout the summit, [[Yatari]] was obviously disinterested in an alliance while [[Ikcho]] was outraged at this, implying they had dealings in the past. After nearly an hour of discussion, [[Ganra Dokugan|Ganra]] proudly proclaimed that [[Tsuchigomo]] would take the field. [[Hera]] was told to leave but managed to snoop on a conversation between [[Ganra Dokugan|Ganra]] and a woman from [[Yatari]], [[Kazera|Kazera, the Tekina of the Wind]]. In her snooping, [[Hera]] could tell that they were more than friendly in stark contrast between their regions. As she left, [[Hera]] saw the carnage of the battlefield and the group decided they needed to make a quick exit. As they began to leave, the group was ambushed and stopped by a group of bearers from the [[Holy Empire]]. After determining that they were friends of [[Ikcho]], the bearers put away their weapons and introduced themselves as the [[Pale Blades]]. [[Biast]] was the leader, [[Aevis]] seemingly the scout, and [[Macko|Wyvern]] the ‘hinge of the operation’. As the bearers tried to evacuate them, [[Tsuchigomo]] rose up causing mayhem to the battlefield only for [[Yuki-Onna]] to rise as well thus creating a chaotic fight between [[Aikon|Aikons]] which the party was at mercy to the collateral damage. After several minutes of evading boulders, splits in the earth, massive icicles, and the massive form of [[Tsuchigomo]], they finally were spared a moment to breathe. As they pressed forward, the bearers found their target, the [[Tekina of Ice]]. They quickly moved in to kill her along with the [[Umi Kiba]] and the party joined them. [[Rui]] managed to stab the [[Tekina of Ice]] which the [[Tekina]] simply said ‘thank you’ before grabbing onto [[Rui]]’s head causing a mass amount of pain until [[Rui]] fell unconscious and the [[Tekina]] laid dead. [[Biast]] commanded [[Macko|Wyvern]] to take [[Rui]]’s head as he didn’t wish to take any chances with strange magic. [[Macko|Wyvern]] went to kill her but with his large dog, [[Akira]], trying to stop him and recognizing her white skin, [[Macko|Wyvern]] realized he recognized her. [[Aevis]] pushed aside [[Macko|Wyvern]] as he went catatonic only for [[Aevis]] to be killed by reinforcements from the [[Umi Kiba]]. After the party dispatched them, [[Biast]] ordered [[Macko|Wyvern]] to kill [[Rui]] which [[Macko|Wyvern]] denied and began to fight [[Biast]]. After another fight that began to wear the party down, [[Macko|Wyvern]] was revealed to be [[Macko|Macko Shuki]]. More reinforcements arrived from the [[Umi Kiba]] only for a deafening roar to sound as lightning struck, spreading to each and every [[Umi Kiba]], kicking up dust. From the dust, [[Paragus Kou]] emerged, telling the group to follow him through a portal as [[Rui]]’s blinding pain began to return.