## Completed

As they arrived in a new place underground, held up by broken pieces of a [[Taor]] ruin. Rui was carried to a makeshift medical bay, where Yari healed her as best as he could. Paragus then spoke to each party member one by one, asking about what happened at Ninnan gate. After speaking to everyone. He gathered the group and told them that his small hideaway for deserters, outlaws, and heretics was open to them as long as they needed. But asked them for help in finding the second Tekina of fire which they all agreed. Now they have been ordered to rest and settle in. After some rest and sheltering from a massive storm, the group set out towards a nearby village, Lostwing, to pick up the trail on the second Aikon of fire. As they made their way through a large bamboo forest, the Guardian was following them. After a fight and some mistakes from Wahlen, the guardian continued to follow them, although far slower. As they arrived in Lostwing, it was dead silent. As they made their way through the small village, they found the scout for Paragus, Enokaga (gator lady), and a small group of bearers that had been interrogated. After being discovered by a Royal scout (soldier from Yatari), they ran into Kazera, the Tekina of wind. She summoned a creature that the group quickly dispatched of before Paragus and Enokaga arrived where Kazera revealed that Paragus was a previous commander for Yatari. Before the two could fight, Kazera was called away as one of the soldiers called out that Royal forces had secured the Tekina. With a blast of wind, the Tekina and Royalists disappeared. Enokaga was then sent after to pick up their trail leaving the group to rest.