## Completed

In the middle of the night, the group was woken up by Paragus. Enokaga had found that the royalists were holed up in a nearby fort last used in the Great War. After fighting through Royalist forces, they were corralled into a shrine to Levin where Kazera waited for them, she and Paragus had a small spat about him leaving Yatari. It came to a head with the two brawling and Paragus having the advantage before two summons overpowered him, leading to a swift defeat. Kazera then ordered her summons to kill the party and after a few moments they came out victorious. A very battered and heavily injured Paragus told them to stop Kazera as she had wings and could easily fly away with the second Tekina of fire. As they made their way to the rooftop of the fort, Kazera offered for them to be part of Yatari which the party quickly declined. A brutal fight ensued with many close calls, bountiful strokes of luck, and unrelenting will. But they had defeated the Tekina of wind. As Hera went to deliver the final blow, ribbons of green energy came from Kazera and went into Wahlen’s chest before spreading to each party member. The four fell to the ground in pain and screamed in agony before Wahlen heard a ‘there you are’. A memory then ensued for Wahlen where he was seemingly in a much more technologically advanced world on a ship with his friend Ohara Sachio. The memory ended with a black haired and well dressed man with an ethereal purple sword saying ‘I’m waiting, Wahlen’. As the group awoke, they all felt they had booms of power. As Kazera stood once again to kill them, her magic seemed to be gone. After being evacuated by Royal soldiers, they fled into the forest. Rui pursued and slaughtered the remaining guards with Kazera only being left. With a scream, a tempest raged around them forming a tornado as Tengu arose, blowing away Rui. As the group exited the fort, they saw the tempest raging and consuming the forest while Wahlen heard a calling from the tornado. After much disagreement, the group made their way into the tornado where only Wahlen, Paragus, and Macko saw a hooded man. As they continued, the hooded man stopped at a cliff's edge, Wahlen asked who he was, and what could be seen from him just smiled and fell off the cliff before Tengu attacked them. 

After another brutal fight, Wahlen took an opportunity to finish off Tengu, and after much wrangling and slashing, he had killed Tengu and was on a different floating island in the tornado. Moments later, Tengu rose again, no worse for wear as it was seemingly just playing with its prey. It began to squeeze Wahlen, cracking ribs and squeezing him to death. Wahlen’s last words were: ‘I will not let you stand in my way!’